Minor text improvements from my review. (#702)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

entity to perform multiple DAP roles. For example, the Collector could also be
one of the Aggregators.

In the course of a measurement task, each Client

> records its own measurement, packages it up into a report, and sends it to the

Reviewer: nit: wrap lines to 80 columns.

Each of these interactions is defined in terms of HTTP resources. In this
section we define these resources and the messages used to act on them.

> sxzaaazsxxxx

Reviewer 2: What's this?

} PrepareResp;
~~~

> The helper processes each of the remaining report shares in turn:

Reviewer: We have been capitalizing Client, Leader, Helper and Collector when referring to DAP roles.

```suggestion
The Helper processes each of the remaining report shares in turn:
```

It decrypts each of its remaining report shares as described in
{{input-share-decryption}}, then checks input share validity as described in

> {{input-share-validation}}. If these validity checkes fail, the Helper sets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{input-share-validation}}. If either decryption or validation fails, the Helper sets
```

"validity checks" implies that only input share validation can fail, but it's also possible for decryption to fail.

The order MUST match `AggregationJobInitReq.prepare_inits`. The media type for
`AggregationJobResp` is "application/dap-aggregation-job-resp".

> The Helper may receive multiple copies of a given initalization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Helper may receive multiple copies of a given initialization
```

The `step` field is the step of DAP aggregation that the Leader just reached and
wants the Helper to advance to. The `prepare_continues` field is the sequence of
preparation continuation messages constructed in the previous step. The
`PrepareContinue` elements MUST be in the same order as the previous request to the
aggregation job, omitting any reports that were previously rejected by either

> side.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Aggregator.
```

If the number of validated reports in the batch is not equal to or greater than
the task's minimum batch size, then the Leader SHOULD wait for more reports to
be uploaded and aggregated and try the collection job again later. Alternately,
the Leader MAY give up on the collection job (for example, if it decides that no new
reports satisfying the query are likely to ever arrive), in which case it MUST

> fail the job with error `invalidBatchSize`. In MUST NOT fulfill any jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fail the job with error `invalidBatchSize`. It MUST NOT fulfill any jobs
```

* The Leader is responsible for generating aggregation jobs, and will generally
  want to place each report in exactly one aggregation job. (The only event in

>   which a Leadercan place a report in multiple aggregation jobs is if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  which a Leader can place a report in multiple aggregation jobs is if
```
